 MOHALI: Australian commentators were on Monday full of praise for Virat Kohli’s thrilling batting.“Steve Smith called it the ‘Virat show’ and he was right,” wrote Chris Barratt in The Sydney Morning Herald, acknowledging the dejected skipper’s post-match remarks.“With one of the greatest ever Twenty20 international innings India’s batting maestro all but single-handedly sent Australia home from the 20-overs world championship.”“One man wins it,” agreed The Daily Telegraph’s Ben Horne as he described the match which crushed Australia’s hopes of a World T20 title and puts India through to the semi-finals.“I think it’s safe to say there is no talent in world cricket at the moment quite like Virat Kohli,” Horne said in a podcast.Writing in The Australian newspaper, Gideon Haigh said Kohli’s unbeaten 82 off 51 balls had “made an awkward chase look like simplicity itself”.“Not a stroke, by the way, would have looked out of place in a Test match,” he wrote.“Much as the marketers would like to take the cricket out of T20, Kohli keeps putting it back.”While Geoff Lemon, writing for the Australian Broadcasting Corporation said it was hard to feel disappointed at being knocked out by such an impressive innings.“It is hard to feel anything but awe,” he wrote.Cricketing greats also heaped praise on Kohli.“Wow, that was absolute class from Virat. Congrats India on your win,” tweeted spin master Shane Warne.Former Australia captain Michael Clarke added: “Looked like a class performance from @imVkohli#T20WorldCup”.“Of the modern players, I’ve always thought thawt Brian Lara was the best placer of the ball,” former Australia captain Ian Chappell told www.espncricinfo.com.  Dismissing criticism of Australia’s preparations and the make-up of the squad, Steve Smith said it had been in the execution of their skills that the players had fallen short.“You have to try and find your best 15, particularly in these conditions, and I think we had the right 15, we just let ourselves down in key moments,” he told reporters in his post-match news conference.“Obviously we haven’t done as well as we’d have liked in this format but hopefully we’ll continue to improve.”  The “conditions”, slow pitches which favour spin bowling, were a recurring theme throughout Smith’s postmortem of the campaign but it was the batting in the middle overs that he pinpointed.“We probably let ourselves down in the middle overs again ... losing a few wickets in clumps, not being able to get that partnerships together to get the score above par to 170-odd, so that was a bit disappointing,” Smith added.“But I think the players will learn a lot from this tournament, playing in these conditions again, it’s very valuable and hopefully we can continue to learn and get better.”Published in Dawn, March 29th, 2016Very classy of Smith and the Australian media to not harp on Smiths wrong dismissal. A lesson for all of us who don't miss a single opportunity to find any slim excuse possible.It was great batting  by  VKohli, he has shown world his skills, temperament on field for cricket , mindfulness of his ability, winning streak  and support for team mate (while Yuvraj was not able to make two run ).“Much as the marketers would like to take the cricket out of T20, Kohli keeps putting it back.”  .well said.@Too much What wrong dismissal? The snicko-meter clearly showed the deviation. A faint edge though...nevertheless an edge.Some Chemistry Gyan... When Potasium Hydroxide (KOH) added with Lithium (LI) it becomes explosive.... KOH + LI = Kohli!!!!!!:)Kohli is just superb. So many praises and all of them perfectly justified. But for us, we need to learn from India. They are also the top team.Kohli was playing for India and Yuvraj was playing for Australia Kohlis performance was just great!! wow!!
but why people stop from praising bowling which redistricted ozs to 160 when 180-190 was looking obvious ?You know the opposition is completely undone when it praises you after a tough fight. I have said it elsewhere and say it again: India-Australia rivalry has already eclipsed Ind-Pak rivalry. May be Pakistan-Afghanistan rivalry will be a new rivalry in the subcontinent.@lalo, I perfectly agree with you: bowlers deserve all the credit. The score predictor in first 5 over was 223. Now just imagine chasing even 180 on this surface with such useless top order. And needless to say -top notch fielding which prevented many boundaries leading to Aussies getting frustrated.Probably Yuvi will be out due to ankle injury. May be he can share his "Revital" with Rohit, Dhawan and Raina.@The Cardinal Sin 
What are you even saying ? 
Yuvraj was still trying his best even he was hurt. He hit a six n ran few runs ... He could have simply retire Frm wicket but he still tried. 
And he picked wicket on very first ball , you seem to forget that part.Kohli is class above all .. I'm still waiting to have our own Sachin  n now they have Kohli .. We will never have batters like them , period. 
Aamir vs kohli will be the battle in years to come.